docs: document new parameter in Kubernetes CSI provider (#14338)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/csi/configurations.mdx

The following parameters are supported by the Vault provider:

- `audience` `(string: "")` - Audience to include in the claims of the JWT requested to the Kubernetes
  API server for the login with Vault. This should match the `audience` field in the [configuration](/api-docs/auth/kubernetes#parameters-1)

>   of the `kubernetes` Vault auth method. If no audience is specified, Kubernetes will populate it according

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the `kubernetes` Vault auth method. If no audience is specified, Kubernetes populates it according
```

  to its defaults (usually, the audience [defaults to the audience of the Kubernetes API server itself](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/authentication-resources/token-review-v1/#TokenReviewSpec)).

>   If you set this field to a custom audience, remember to choose for the configuration of the Vault `kubernetes` auth method

Reviewer: I'm unclear on what this sentence means. Can you try rewording it?

If you set this field to a custom audience, remember to choose for the configuration of the Vault `kubernetes` auth method something different from using [the client JWT as the reviewer JWT](/docs/auth/kubernetes#use-the-vault-client-s-jwt-as-the-reviewer-jwt), since Kubernetes will not allow the client JWT to authenticate to its API server (since it has a different audience).
